# How to run our program
We are sorry that unfamiliar with maven project that cause the project structure is not easy to get executed. However, it still can be run with a little bit more effort :).
## Step1. Get the source
---
The every first step is to get the source from this repository. We organize our system on Maven, so make sure the repository has the pom file, if not, please contact us right away. It also requires you to have the Maven installed on your test machine. For Edlab Linux OS, you can use 
```sudo apt install maven``` to install it and use ```maven -version``` to check if it is in the right place. Essiential Java environment on your device is required since this is a Java project.
## Step2. Make it works
---
Firstly, if you have access to a GUI IDE like Intellij IDEA, here are the steps you should go:
1. Open the repository, set the JDK to 1.8 or higher;
2. Import it as a Maven project if your IDE notifies. If not, right click the repository directory ```lab1-spring22-rpc-letsgo105``` -> add framework support -> choose maven -> you are done. If everything goes smooth, you can see the IDE is analysing indexes and dependensies in the under bar.
3. Mark the ```src/part1/java``` and ```src/part2/java``` as source directory, src/test/java as test source directory.
4. Run ```src/part1/java/com/company/Server/Server.java``` and ```src/part2/java/net/gRPCServer/GrpcServer.java``` by clicking green arrows in the main method.
5. Run the test cases in ```src/test/java```, and feel free to modify the test cases to see more results.

If you are using command line OS, here are the steps for you:
1. Go to the repository directory ```lab1-spring22-rpc-letsgo105```.
2. Execute command ```mvn clean compile```.
3. Go to the repository ```target/classes/```, then run ```java com.company.Server.Server &```. If you are doing right, you can witness output from command line: ``` Server started on port 6066 with maximum 3 threads.```.
4. Go to the repository directory again, then run ```mvn package```. Please ignore the errors generated by automatic testing. We will test it rightly when both two servers are started.
5. Go to the ```target/``` directory, execute ```java -jar lab1-spring22-rpc-letsgo105-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar &``` and you can see the output: ```Server started on 7077 with maximum thread pool size of 3```.
6. If all the previous steps executed correctly, you can finally return to the ```lab1-spring22-rpc-letsgo105``` repository again type ```mvn test``` to see the test case result get successfully in a similar format as our output file shows!

The second approach might be confusing because we encountered obstacles in both simply making package and simply compiling the class. If there would still be any problem, please contact us either by email or through piazza. Thank you for your effort!
:smile:
